hello everyone is steven and today
I present you stride a tweak that
allows to unlock through a
drawing
now instead of typing your code
of security you just have to enter
your drawing and if it's okay
unlocks so that's really all
simple very fast
and in terms of the settings it's
go here in the section dedicated to
stride you have an option on off and
here you will be able to choose the drawing
you want to enter as a word
so you can really
define anything and going here
optionally you have the choice between
medium water haye and very high that will
correspond to the degree of accuracy of the
password that will be verified
so I advise you to do like
me to choose a maximum of precision
and then you press the button
red you started drawing your
drawing that will serve as passwords and
you're going to have to input three times of
next so that it is taken into account
so me it will be an ace and then I
safeguard
that's really all you
have to do now instead of typing
your security code draw you here
Your password
and hop it's unlocking so it's
really very well done very fast to
execute and obviously if you
enter a password that does not match
not like this it will not work
not even if you type a small s by
example it really has to be the
s as I draw them and then to
any time you can go back in
the password definition section
and choose another design that you
execute and that will allow
unlock your device so there
now it will be the top
it is then automatically applied
look if I draw s like everything to
the time it does not rustle it does not
not work then with the top that
works fine and if you check this
option here when you enter the correct
drawing will show up a little
green highlight like this before
unlock so that's how all that
works thanks to this cydia tweak that
is called stride of the ios version is
that you find on cydia at the price of
$ 3
so it's still rather expensive
especially for those who already had
bought the version ios cissé that have to
pay back but it's really an excellent
tweak it's a great way to
unlock really original and if
you never forget your drawing
always have the opportunity to
unlock by pressing here and
enter your security code
tell me what you thought
in the comments and see you soon
for a next
Hi